daryl and the dog gets separated he
finds himself being stalked by one of
the reapers
soon after the stalker reveals herself
to be leia his lost love daryl was
surprised to see her after all this time
he knows that she is not the same from
before so he has to lie his way through
not giving away anything which might put
his people at risk
daryl is subsequently imprisoned by the
reapers and tortured for information at
the meridian leia still cares about
daryl so she puts a stop to the torture
later she convinces him to tell her
something about the group that he was
with because she can't really help him
without giving any information to the
pope the man in charge of the reapers
leia convinces pope that daryl is just
like them and to give him a chance i
told you he would be useful and i was
right as a test arranged by the pope
daryl and leia are locked inside a shed
and burned to the ground
the two manages to escape and leia is
shocked by the incident
the pope welcomes daryl to their family
pope burns one of the member of in his
group for being a coward and the others
were not comfortable with this but none
of them dared to stand against him
all of this is new intel for daryl and
he should tread carefully from here on
you